# AITutor
Hi this is Vamsi Dath, i am currently a pre-final year undergrad student pursuing Computer Science and Engineering from the National Institute of Technology Durgapur, West Bengal, India.<br><br> &emsp;This AI Tutor website is based out of OpenAI API.<br><br>
            <ul> <b>The tech stack that are used includes:</b>
                <li>HTML</li>
                <li>CSS</li>
                <li>JavaScript</li>
                <li>Django</li>
                <li>BootStrap</li>
                <li>OpenAI API</li>
            </ul>
            The Tutorial consists of 6-subtopics from ML. From the home page on clicking on <b><em>"Start Learning"</em> </b> The course begins with the first section, where ther are two individual panels, one for the prompt that is generated by OpenAI to give a brief overview of the topic in about 200 words. There is also a <em>"Discussion Pannel"</em> in which a question related to the particular sub-topic is present and room for doubt clearance (if any) along with any additional information that might be required to solve the section can be asked by the user.<br><br>&emsp;Later after the user is confident enough to answer the question, there is an option to <em>"Take test"</em> where they need to answer the given question in 'yes' or 'no'. The response is then evaluated and on successfully clearing the test, the user can progress onto further sections. After all the sections are completed the user then receives an alert about <em>successful completion of the course.</em>
            <br><br>
            <b><em>Note:</em> &ensp;Since the OpenAI API used is of Free-trial. Runtime error occurs due to rate-limit (3req /min). So, in case of any error try reloading the page after 20 sec.</b>
## Setup

The first thing to do is to clone the repository:

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/Vamsi-Dath/AITutor.git
$ cd AITutor
```

Create a virtual environment to install dependencies in and activate it:

```sh
$ python3 -m venv env
$ source env/bin/activate
```

Then install the dependencies:

```sh
(env)$ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
